All is well and dandy but what if browser that the user is using does not support the funds we have
pick.
Well I guess we're in deep trouble.
Not so fast.
You see for fun family property we can add several fun families as a fallback system.
So if the browser does not support the first one it can try getting next one and so on and so forth.
We call that a phone stack.
And what's also interesting at the end of the phone stack we can pass a generic font family that allows
browser to pick similar funds from generic family.
So let's see that in action.
As you can see right now we have the Helvetica and we have the done it but whenever we were writing
them you probably noticed how right away individuals to your code gave us multiple options.
Now again let's test that out first because it's gonna be easier for me to show you.
So let's say first we're gonna get rid of the heading One so I'm going to comment this out and let me
just delete this whole etiquette.
The moment I typed font family.
What's gonna happen.
Well actually this shouldn't gives me suggestions and it doesn't.
So what I would need to do is press control and spacebar again that's gonna be with them.
Now what do you see or hear.
Well there's gonna be bunch of fonts and the way they are written is not just one family.
It's in fact like this.
So you're gonna have one fun family then you're going to have another one and then you'll have the third
one.
Now third one is the generic one and this whole thing is called stuff.
So we're gonna try with our favorite one.
If the browser doesn't have it OK pick this guy then if this one is not available grab this generic
font family and pick some kind of font that will at least match better than just passing some kind of
default one.
And that's the whole idea here.
Now the generic ones are served and serve cursive fantasy and the minus bass and sure enough now I can
see that everything is pretty much in this font family as well as you know what let's do the same thing
with that one.
Now let me again come on this.
So we're going to have Herring one and the same thing is gonna work.
Let's say we're done.
What we're getting is Donna Geneva home.
And then we're looking for this generic one that we're gonna try to supply at least some type of font
from this generic family that would match this guy that we picked already in the beginning again.
It's obviously not gonna be exactly the same but at least it's not gonna be default browser font fan.